[RAY] Marilyn the
Tri‐Horn Demi‐Dragon.
Talk about a sweet reward!
What quest did you earn her on?
[ROOK] I did some modeling
for an artist. As payment,
there were a few different
prizes you could choose from.
I picked the one that'd put
my Monster Enhance skill
to good use.
[chirps]
Oh. I also got this.
It's called a Jewel
and allows the user to
store their monsters.
[MARIE] I forgot to mention
that I'm more than just
a pretty face.
My Journalist skill awards
the entire party additional
experience points
from battle,
the only tradeoff is
I can't be involved
in the fighting.
Yeah?
But I'll still be cheering
you on from the sidelines!
[gasps]
Trouble up ahead!
[GOBLINS, BODYGUARDS shouting]
There's no way they can
hold off that many.
What now?
Just hanging back
and watching them die
doesn't sit well with me.
I know that it's risky.
If we die, it could cost us
the quest, but still.
Let's go help 'em.
Marilyn! Clear a path!
[MARILYN yells]
[GOBLINS groaning]
Not bad!
It's our turn! Ready?
Yeah!
[grunts]
[GOBLINS groaning]
[ROOK]
Male!
[BABYLON]
Lilim!
[BOTH]
Temptation!
[GOBLINS groaning]
Feels like some
kinda bad dream.
[NEMESIS] Good thing Rook
and Babi are fighting with us.
[BABYLON]
Lilim Drain!
A million thanks
for the quick bite!
Ha! Rookie! Guess what! Babi
just reached her Second Form!
[ROOK]
Already?
Yep, those two single handedly
took out all the goblins.
[NEMESIS] When it comes
to one‐on‐one combat,
we're top tier.
But the way they work together
to mow down enemies en masse
makes them a dangerous duo.
Also, Babi can use the
Drain Learning skill now!
Very well met indeed,
young masters.
If you hadn't stopped,
we'd surely be dead.
You have my gratitude.
'Course, but you really ought to
be thanking Rook and his Embyro.
[NEMESIS]
Counter Absorption!
It's more powerful than those
Demi‐Drag Worms we fought!
Careful, Ray!
That thing is no joke!
We call them UBMs,
a Unique Boss Monster!
[NEMESIS]
Master, this is...
Yeah, the monster with
a bounty on its head.
Great Miasmic Ogre. Gardranda!
[GARDRANDA growling]
[RAY] So you're the one giving
orders to the goblins.
You must be mad we
wiped out your crew.
Still. You're the one
who started this.
And because of that,
you're gonna pay!
Don't do it! Fall back, Ray!
[gasps]
[GARDRANDA grunts]
[grunts]
[BABYLON]
Higher and higher.
[ROOK]
Where's Ray?
[gasps]
[GARDRANDA roars]
[MARILYN chirps]
Marilyn!
[MARILYN grunting]
Show 'em who's boss, girl!
Re‐Call!
[GARDRANDA grunts]
Try my Lilim Temptation!
It's not working!
Watch out!
[GARDRANDA yells]
[RAY] I'm through playing
around! Vengeance is Mine!
[GARDRANDA groans]
I guess we didn't have it
charged up all the way.
[coughs]
Use a First Heal!
[RAY] I can replenish
the HP lost from Poison,
but as far as Intoxication
and Weakness goes...
[MARIE]
Here! Catch!
Uh.
What the hell was that
all about, Marie?
Go ahead and rub some salt
in my wounds, why don't you!
Uh...
[MARIE]
Just in the nick of time, huh?
All of your status ailments will
be put on hold for 180 seconds!
I owe you one!
[NEMESIS] Now that you're
back to full power,
taking him down
should be no problem.
We've got three minutes!
So let's go!
[GARDRANDA yells]
[RAY grunting]
[yelling]
Winged him!
[GARDRANDA growls]
[RAY]
First Heal!
[RAY] Every one of his hits
is knocking 660 off my HP!
[yells]
[GARDRANDA growls]
[RAY grunts]
First Heal!
[RAY] I can take seven strikes,
which adds up to 4,620.
Vengeance is Mine doubles that,
which means I'll take him
down over 9,000 points.
All right!
[NEMESIS]
Master, watch out! Above you!
[AUDREY shrieks]
[RAY]
A Crimson Roc Bird!
A mount? Now I get it.
So that's how the he appeared
from outta nowhere.
‐‐[whooshing]
‐‐[gasps]
[RAY]
Dammit. This won't end well.
[ROOK]
Up here!
You two just concentrate
on defeating Gardranda,
and let me and Babylon
take care of the Roc Bird.
Flyin' Babi, away!
[RAY]
You two are no match for‐‐
Teammates trust
each other, Ray!
We'll buy you some
time to beat him!
[BABYLON]
We'll be fine! Don't worry!
[NEMESIS] Master, they're giving
us a chance. We have to take it!
You're right.
Less than a minute left.
If I ration out my First Heals
maybe I can take three,
possibly four more hits.
[NEMESIS]
Perfect!
[RAY]
I'd probably be dead right now
if it weren't for Marie
and her Elixir.
Or Rook and Babi distracting
the Roc Bird from attacking me.
On this battlefield, Nemesis
and I aren't fighting alone!
It's the five of us. We're
working together as a party!
[RAY]
Ten seconds left.
[grunts] What's the count?!
[NEMESIS] Accumulated
damage is at 4,973 points!
We have enough, Master!
Take this!
[gasps]
Fine! We'll just
add it to the total!
Counter Absorption!
It's time for double payback,
ugly! Vengeance is Mine!
[gasps]
Ray! No!
Use a First Heal.
[RAY]
The Elixir's effects wore off.
[NEMESIS]
I don't understand!
That last attack
should've finished it!
[RAY] Yeah, I thought that was
gonna be the death blow.
Wait. I remember now.
The ogre's heart lies
within its stomach.
[grunts]
[RAY] Thanks, Cheshire. But at
the same time, what's it matter?
I've got practically
zero strength left.
[RAY]
No. I can't quit! Not yet.
My friends haven't given up.
And I'm not about to either!
[RAY] All I have to do is keep
on pushing past my limits!
I can't let my doubts
cost us this victory!
‐‐[beeping]
‐‐[NEMESIS] Master!
I know. The odds are definitely
stacked against us,
but promise me you'll
stay by my side.
[NEMESIS]
Yeah, of course, it's just...
I wanted to make sure you
noticed all of the beeping
that's been going on
for a while.
Huh?
[beeping]
What's going on? Nemesis?
[NEMESIS]
I have no idea!
[RAY]
What should I do? Hit "yes"?
[GARDRANDA roars]
Uh!
[RAY]
That's hardly fair.
Listen! I'm kind of in the
middle of something here!
[RAY] No choice. I've gotta bet
everything on this next attack!
[NAVIGATOR] Countdown complete.
Initializing powers.
Emergency evolution
process confirmed.
Analyzing 172 patterns to
formulate optimal solution
to current scenario.
Analysis complete. Evolution of
Maiden of Vengeance commencing.
[GARDRANDA roars]
[NAVIGATOR] Nemesis evolution
is now complete.
Form 2 selected.
The Flag Halberd.
[RAY gasping]
[GARDRANDA roars]
[NEMESIS]
Jump! Now!
[RAY gasps] What just happened?
You changed.
[NEMESIS] Master. I think I just
evolved into my Second Form.
The power coursing through me
is like nothing I've ever
experienced before.
That's awesome.
How much power is it?
Are we outta trouble?
[NEMESIS] Heh! That big, stinky
ogre isn't gonna be a problem!
[RAY]
That's what I wanna hear!
Just one more round to go,
and victory is ours!
[GARDRANDA roars]
[gasps] My reflexes
are razor sharp.
And the HP bar keeps refilling.
Is this all because you evolved?
[NEMESIS]
It's a new skill I've acquired.
"Like a Flag Flying
the Reversal,"
it inverts status ailments.
Not that I'm complaining,
but it's pretty OP.
The announcement did say
it was the optimal solution,
and they really weren't kidding.
All right. I think we should
go all‐in this time.
[NEMESIS]
Right there with you!
[GARDRANDA roars]
[RAY] Ha. This trick again?
At this point,
your miasma is nothing more
than a smokescreen to me!
[GARDRANDA roars]
Yep. Cheshire was right.
[gasps]
[NEMESIS]
Looks like its weak point
is the only part that
can regenerate.
So in other words, we might
as well go for broke.
Let's rely on Vengeance to‐‐
[NEMESIS]
I should warn you first.
In this form, that attack
and Counter Absorption
are not usable.
Well we've depleted all of our
Counter Absorptions anyway.
[NEMESIS]
Actually, since I evolved,
the limit's been
increased to three,
so we have one more chance.
One problem.
Don't you have to return to your
original sword form to use them?
[NEMESIS] And Like a Flag Flying
the Reversal's effect will end.
Meaning my status ailments will
come back and I'll be weakened.
Fine, then I'll just have
to do the same to the ogre!
[RAY grunts]
[RAY yells]
[GARDRANDA roars]
[RAY gasps]
[NEMESIS]
...3,250... 3,784!
...4,265! You've got it!
It's done!
[RAY grunts]
[yelling]
[GARDRANDA screams]
Change back!
[NEMESIS]
Form Shift. Black Blade!
[RAY grunts]
You think I care?
[NEMESIS]
Counter Absorption!
[RAY]
This is nothing!
[RAY yelling]
[gasps]
[RAY] The other head. It must've
seen our attack coming!
[GARDRANDA roars]
[RAY yelling]
[RAY]
Vengeance is Mine!
[panting]
Welp, we did it.
[NEMESIS]
We sure did!
[NAVIGATOR] UBM Great Miasmic
Ogre, Gardranda has been slain.
Most Valuable Player:
Ray Starling.
Your prize: Miasma flame
Bracers of Gardranda.
Now I can come over.
Looks like you could
use some first aid.
Hey, Marie.
Did you see a Superior Killer
lurking around here earlier?
I did see someone!
A man in the distance,
firing his Embryo. Pew, pew.
But right after that, he headed
towards Gideon pretty quickly.
I see.
[ROOK]
Ray! Marie!
[RAY gasping]
[ROOK]
Hope we didn't startle you!
Huh?
Let me introduce you to Audrey!
[chirps]
[ROOK laughing]
[NEMESIS] If it has a name,
then that means...
Yep. Once all the
miasma dissipated,
I Charmed and then tamed her!
How does he know it's a "she"?
[ALEJANDRO] Begging your pardon.
A moment of your time.
I thought my family
would be killed,
but then you and your
friends appeared.
Your actions today...
I can't thank you enough.
Really though,
it was no problem!
[RAY]
Uh. What's that?
[MARIE]
A tian coffin.
It's used to return the
dead to their families.
[RAY] This is too real. Liliana
and Milianne are both tians.
So is Nemesis.
[RAY] This entire world...
Is it really just a game?
[JABBERWOCK]
Oh... Now this is curious.
Someone defeating a UBM
at a higher level.
Not an everyday occurrence.
Here's a group of relatively
inexperienced players coming
together, and this one happens
to strike the final blow?
Oh! Seeing how this
individual meets the criteria
for giant‐killing,
this makes more sense now.
However, successfully
killing Gardranda
despite its plethora of tricks
and before the ogre
could take on its final form
was no simple endeavor.
But this does change
things slightly.
Especially since I was certain
the beast would evolve
into the SUBM.
Hm... But no matter.
As long as no new powers emerge,
a hundred Superiors
will never come about,
and Infinity will remain
just a dream.
We should be celebrating.
So should he, this boy.
It's only right for one to enjoy
the feeling of leveling up
and growing stronger.
Particularly if you view
this world as merely a
game and nothing more.
[RAY]
Impressive!
[ROOK]
Wow! Look at all these people!
This place is pretty busy!
[MARIE] Well, it would be
bustling as it borders
Legendaria and Caldina. Nations
at peace with each other.
It's a safe spot for tourism.
Incredibly fascinating,
but just look at the
chow they're selling!
I think we've earned a bite!
[RAY]
Lunch can wait.
We need to stop by the
Adventurers' Guild first.
How much is that?
This includes the 30,000 lir
reward for completing our
delivery quest, but there's
just one small issue.
[GROUP]
What kinda issue?
Turns out that bounty on
Gardranda's head was for
a million lir. This might
take a while to split.
[NEMESIS]
To be perfectly honest,
I didn't expect there
to be so much arguing.
[RAY] Well, I kinda
just wish everyone else
would've taken a bigger cut.
It was divided fairly, with your
300,000, Rook getting half
of that, and Marie
with her 50,000.
Plus, the rest is stashed in
the party's communal treasury.
Still, I don't think I
deserved the lion's share.
And what's so bad
about rewards?
Nothing, but I
already got these.
I bet giving those
bracers a test run
will help take your
mind off things.
[GOBLIN G growling]
[NEMESIS] And right on cue,
we've got our first target.
[RAY]
Unleash. Purgatorial Flames!
[GOBLIN G growling]
[RAY gasps]
[NEMESIS] Didn't you
read the instructions?
[GOBLIN G yells]
[RAY grunts]
[GOBLIN G groans]
I thought I was a goner!
[RAY] Right. Now that I know
how to aim these things,
this second test'll go smoother.
[NEMESIS]
Ooh, a Walking Grapevine.
[RAY]
Hellish Miasma!
[gasps]
[NEMESIS] Is this some
kind of bit you're doing?
Well, I've had quite
enough of that.
What a trial by fire,
but at least now I got
'em all figured out.
Though, by the looks of it,
I'll have to crawl back to town.
[NEMESIS]
Truly, a heroic entrance.
[gasps]
Uh?
Whoa! Who the heck are you?
[FLAMINGO]
So, you want to know who I am.
[FLAMINGO laughs]
[FLAMINGO]
Hup! You may call me...
...Flamingo!
Doctor Flamingo
to you commoners!
What is it with weirdos
and animal costumes?
Well, if that's your name,
then how come you're
dressed up like a penguin?
[FLAMINGO]
Don't obsess over details!
Besides, we have
business to discuss.
Here. Drinkest thou this.
What is it?
[FLAMINGO]
A cure for all status ailments.
One swig and you'll
feel like a beast.
[RAY]
Delicious!
Are you feeling any
different, Master?
I am, like a weight's
been lifted.
[FLAMINGO]
What else?
[RAY gasping]
My head's killing me!
Master! What was
in that potion?
[RAY groaning]
The pain, did it go away?
Uh! Your... Your head...
How to put this...?
Uh? What is it?
That feels new.
Uh. What the hell did you do?
[FLAMINGO laughing]
What a rousing success!
[FLAMINGO] My Animal Ear Drug
is ready for market!
My sincerest thanks,
little lab rat!
And while I'd love
to communicate
my deepest gratitude by bowing,
I'm going to need you
to lower your sword
before you slit my throat,
or worse, tear my costume!
Now listen up.
There are three things
that I will absolutely never
under any condition wear.
Right at number one are those
cutesy animal‐ear headbands.
So I suggest you fix this.
[FLAMINGO] Well, you're in luck
'cause they're not a headband!
They're growing out of your
head, but I think they should be
gone by nightfall,
so 'bout ten hours.
Now obviously that doesn't
include the time you spend
logged out, because where
would the fun in that be?
I'm not having fun here.
How about you?
By the way, Ray.
I've got a favor to ask.
Oh, yeah?
[FLAMINGO] I'd like to take
a screenshot of you. Topless.
[RAY growls]
[FLAMINGO laughing]
Bye, guinea pig!
[RAY]
He's fast!
[NEMESIS] Well I've met my
quota of weird for the day.
Do you know what the
strangest part of that was?
He called me "Ray,"
but I don't think I ever
told him my name.
[RAY]
"La Porte de l'Enfer."